Intro: Graph Analyzer is an open source tool to create, simulate and perform different 
algorithms on the graph. For the time being, only Hamiltonian Cycle Simulation and Connectivity
of the graph algorithms have been developed. Going forward, many more are waiting in the queue.

Creation of Vertex: Click on the "Draw Vertex" Button and hover the mouse on
the white-colored graph panel left to the button. Now click on the panel to create 
a red-colored vertex. You can click as many times to create the no. of vertices you want.

Creation of Edge: Click on the "Draw Edge" Button and hover on a Vertex, 
you will see a blue-colored outer circle appearing on the Vertex. If you click on it 
then it will be your source Vertex of the Edge to be created whose outer circle's 
color will turn into green. Now move the mouse to your destination Vertex to complete 
the Edge. While moving the mouse you will get to see your edge being recreated with mouse movement. 
Now click on your destination vertex to complete your Edge. Now you may notice that 
there is an option to create both Unidirectional Edge and Bidirectional Edge. 
You may opt for anyone according to your requirement.You can create as many Edges you want.

Hamiltonian Cycle and Connectivity Analysis: To perform Hamiltonian Cycle and Graph 
Connectivity Analysis click on the "Show Hamiltonian" Button to get the results. 
Now before you click, please don't forget to enter the root you want to start with. 
The root the Vertex you want start with to find out the Hamiltonian Cycles present in the Graph. 
Invalid root value won't work.

Miscellaneous : Now one of the attractive features of the tool is you can add 
any no. of Vertices and Edges at any point of time and perform Hamiltonian Cycle 
and Connectivity Analysis. If more than one Hamiltonian cycles are present in the 
Graph then you can view all of them by using "Next" and "Prev" buttons available.Starting Vertex and
direction of the Hamiltonian Cycle can be seen with ease.